# Muddy Puddles

It is raining today. so Pappa and George cannot play outside. Daddy, It has stopped raining. Can we go out to play? Alright. run along you two.Peppa loves jumping in muddy puddles. I love muddy puddles. Peppa, If you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots. Sorry, mummy. George likes to jump in muddy puddles too. George, If you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots. Peppa likes to look after her little brother George. Geroge, let's find some more muddy puddles. Peppa and Geroge are having a lot of fun. Peppa has found a little puddle. Gergoge has found a big puddle. Look Geroge, There's a really big puddle. George wants to jump into the big puddle first. Stop, Geroge. I must check if it's safe for you. Good, It is safe for you. Sorry, Geroge, it is only mud. Peppa and Geroge love jumping in muddy puddles. Come on, Geroge, let's go and show Daddy. Godness me. Daddy, Daddy, Guess what we've been doing? Let me think. Have you been watching television? No, dady. Have you just had a bath. No. I know, You've been jumping in muddy puddles. Yes, Yes, daddy. We've been jumping in muddy puddles. And look at the mess you're in. Oh, well. It's only mud. let's clean up quickly before mommy sees the mess. Daddy, when we've cleaned up, will you and mummy come and play too? Yes, we can all play in the garden.

- little brother/big brother
- younger brother/older brother
- muddy: a, 泥泞的
- puddle: n, 小池，水坑
- It's raining/snowing today
- It has stopped raining: 雨停了，现在完成时
  - It's stopped raining:  it's 为 it has 缩写
- Can we go out to play?/Can we leave the table and go an see Polly parrot?
  - go out: 出去
  - go out to play: 出去玩
  - can I：我可以...吗？
  - can we: 我们可以...吗？
- run along：走开，去吧
  - run along you two/three：你们两/三个去玩吧
- love/like to do，love/like doing
- If you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots.
  - 真实假设条件句，用动词原型
  - 假设条件句，用动词过去式
- look after：照顾
- Peppa and Geroge are having a lot of fun
  - have a lot of fun: 玩的很开心
  - have fun: 玩的开心，表祝福，希望你玩的开心
- There's a really big puddle
  - there be: 表示存在，某地存在某物
- I musct check if it's safe for you
  - I must check if... 我得确认...是不是
  - I must check if I have my phone
  - I must check if it's the real thing
- show: v. 展示、展示给某人看
  - I'll show you a picture
- godness me: 天呀，感叹词
- Daddy, guess what we have been doing? 猜猜我们刚刚做了什么？
  - guess what we've been doing?
- Have you been watching Television?
  - You have been watching Television ->Have you been watch Television?
  - have been doing: 过去进行时
- take a bath/have a bath
- Have you just had a bath?
  - you have just had a bath -> Have you just had a bath
  - have + done：过去完成时
- You've been jumping in muddy puddles
- look at the mess you are in
  - mess: n. 脏，不整洁
  - look at the mess you're in
- let's clean up quickly before Mummy sees the mess
- When we've cleaned up, will you and Mommy come and play, too?
  - When we have cleaned up
  - will，会
  - and，可以表示动作的承接关系
- We can play in the garden，我们可以在花园玩
  - We all can play in the garde/We can all play in the garden
