# Mister Dinosaur is lost

George's favorite toy is Mister Dinosaur. George loves Mister Dinosaur. Sometimes Geroge likes to scare Peppa with Mister Dinosaur。Too scare. At supper time, Mister Dinosaur sits next to Geroge. I beg your pardon? Was that you, George, or was it Mister Dinosaur。At bath time, George shares his bath with Mister Dinosaur.Good night, Peppa. Good night, George.And good night, Mister Dinosaur. When George goes to bed, Mister Dinosaur is tucked up with him. George's favorite game is throwing Mister Dinosaur up in the air.And catching him when he falls back down. Peppa and Daddy Pig are playing draughts. I win, Daddy. Oh, well done, Peppa. George, what's the matter? George, have you lost Mister Dinosaur? George has lost Mister Dinosaur. Don't worry, Georg. We'll find Mister Dinosaur. It's a job for a detective. Daddy, what's a detective? A detective is a very importent person who is good at finding things. Me, Me, I'm good at finding things. Alright, Peppa is the detective. George, I'm the detective. I will help you find Mister Dinosaur. Maybe the Mister Dinosaur should ask George some simple questions. George, where is the Mister Dinosaur? George does not know where Mister Dinosaur is. The detective could try and guess where Mister Dinosaur might be. I know, I know where he is. George always has Mister Dinosaur with him in the bath. So Mister Dinosaur is in the bath. Mister Dinosaur is not in the bath. Oh, I know. I know  where Mister Dinosaur is. George always has Mister Dinosaur in his bed at night.So that's where he is. Maybe we should try the garden.Yes, the garden,I was going to say that. Where is Mister Dinosaur? Mister Dinosaur is very hard to find. Mister Dinosaur isn't anywhere. George, You do love to throw Mister Dinosaur in the air, I wonder if the time you threw Mister Dinosaur just a bit too high. There he is. There he is. I saw him first. Well done, Peppa. You really a very good detective. George is so happy to have Mister Dinosaur back again. George, It isn't a good idea to play with Mister Dinosaur near trees.

- Mr. Dinosaur is lost
  - be + 动词过去分词 be lost 被弄丢了
  - My book is lost
  - My phone is lost
  - My keys are lost
- sometimes, George likes to scare Peppa with Mr. Dinosaur
  - sometimes: 有时候
  - scare: v. 惊吓，使恐慌
    - scare Peppa 吓唬Peppa
    - scare [someone] with [something]：用什么东西吓唬某人
      - scare Peppa with Mr.Dinosaur
      - v + with [something]：使用某物做某事，用某物做某事，使用 with
        - I like to use soap/I like to wash face with soap
        - Can I use your phone?/ Can I call him with your phone?
        - I want to use the red pen/ I want to do my homework with the red pen.
    - too scary
- At supper time, Mr.Dinosaur sits next to George
  - supper：n. 晚餐，晚饭
  - dinner：n. 宴会；**正餐**；晚餐，晚宴，特指正餐
  - 不同国家正餐时间不同，有的国家正餐在lunch，有的国家正餐在supper
  - 一天内的某个具体时间，使用介词 at，如：在早饭的时候，at breakfast time/at lunch time/at supper time/at dinner time/at bath time
  - Can we have a dinner together this weekend? at lunch time or dinner time
  - sits next to
    - I want to sit next to you
- have a bath/take a bath：洗个澡
  - George and Mr.Dinosaur have bath together. 乔治和恐龙先生一起洗澡（经常洗）
- share sth with sb: 分享某物给某人
  - Peppa shares her cake with George
  - George shares his toys with Peppa
- go to bed: 去床上，去睡觉（包含在床上的玩耍时间）/ sleep: 单纯只睡觉
- tuck sb in：盖被子/tuck sb up in bed：安顿某人在床上
  - Daddy, can you tuck me in?
  - sb be tucked in/sb be tucked up in bed
    - everyone is now tucked up in bed getting a good nights sleep
- in the air: 在空中
- catch：v. 抓住
- fall down: 掉下来/fall back down
- draught: n. 国际跳棋
- win: v. 赢 lost: v. 输
- 大部分中文中有**了*的句子，且表达的意思是完成了某个动作，可以考虑用现在完成时
  - I have bought a book
  - I have lost my book
  - I've arrived, where are you?
  - You have lost Mr.Dinosaur. Have you lost Mr.Dinosaur?
- The dective could try and guss where Mr.Dinosaur might be?
  - try and guss: 试着猜猜
  - may be: 可能在哪里
  - can -> could，may -> might，表示委婉语气
- have sb do... 让某人做 / let sb do...允许某个人做
  - I'll have my brother call you.
  - George always has Mr.Dinosaur have bath with him
- be going to: 准备做某事
- be very hard to... 很难...
- I wonder if... 我想是不是
  - I wonder if I should wear a coat / I wonder if we should tell her / I wonder if you can help me
- too high: 太高，a bit: n. 有点儿，a bit too high: 有点太高了
- There he is：他在那里，there you are：你在这里  
- have sth/sb back: 找回某物/人
  - George's so happy to have Mr.Dinosaur back again
- It's not a good idea to
  - I think it's not a good idea to tell him the truth
