
# Best Friend

Peppa is waitting for her best friend. Suzzy Sheep. hello, Suzy. Hello, Peppa.Suzy Sheep has come to play with Peppa. Peppa loves Suzy. Suzy loves Peppa. They are best friends. Why don't you and Suzy go and play in your bedroom? Yes, momy. George wants to play, too. Peppa and Suzy love playing in Peppa's bedroom. So does George. No, George. This game is just for big girls. Go and play with your own toys. Peppa and Suzy want to play on their own. I'm a tiny little fairy princess! I'm going to wave my magic wand and turn you into a frog! George doesn't like playing on his own. George wants to play, too. No, George. I'm playing with Suzy. You'll have to play somewhere else. George wants to play with Peppa. He feels a bit lonely. George, I need some help. I'm making chocolate chip cookies! Someone needs to lick out the bowl. George likes helping Mummy make cookies. But he likes playing with Peppa more. I want to be a nurse. I want to be a doctor. But who's gonna be the sick person? Peppa and Suzy love playing doctors and nurses. So does George. Peppa listens George's chest. Now, George, take a big breath in, then cough. I think your heart's a bit loose. I'll put a plaster on it. Open wide, please. Suzy takes George's temperature. Oh, dear, you are very very hot. I think you have to stay in bed for three years. Daddy Pig has come to find George. Oh, no, what's wrong with George. Don't worry, Daddy. It's only a game. George is our patient. Can the patient has a visitor? Just for a little while. He might get tired. Cookies! Yes, they're for George. They're his medicine to make him feel better. oh, excuse me, doctor. Can you help me ? I have a sore tummy. That tickles! I can hear it rumbling. I think you are hungry, Daddy. Then I think I need lots of cookies to make me better.

- wait for: 等某人或某物
  - wait for me: 等等我
  - I'm waiting for you: 我在等你
  - I'm waiting for the bus: 我在等车
- wait to: 等着去做某事
  - I'm waiting to get in: 我等着进去
  - I can't wait to come back home: 我等不及回家了
  - I can't wait to see you: 我迫不及待想见你

- sore:
  - adj. 剧烈的，极度的；疼痛的，痛心的；恼火的，发怒的；厉害的，迫切的
  - n. 溃疡，痛处；恨事，伤心事

- tummy
  - n. <非正>胃
  - stomach

- tickle
  - vt. 使发痒；使高兴；使满足
  - vi. 觉得痒；（东西）使人发痒
  - n. 胳肢；痒感；使人发痒、高兴的东西

- rumble
  - n. 隆隆声；辘辘声
  - v. 隆隆作响；喃喃地讲话
