# Polly Parrot

Peppa and her family are visiting Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig.Hello, my little ones.Come inside, we have a surprise. What is it? We have a new pet. Can you guess what it is? Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig have a pet parrot. Peppa, George, this is our pet parrot. She's called Polly. I'm a clever parrot. Mummy, why does Polly copy everything that Granny says? That's what parrots do. I'll show you. What a sweet little parrot. Come on, everyone, teatime. There's chocolate cake! Coming, Granny. Peppa and George love eating chocolate cake. But today, they are in a hurry to get back and play with Poly Parrot. Finished! What noisy little ones you are! Granny, please can we leave the table and go and see Polly Parrot? Are sure you've completely finished your cake? Off you go, then. George, say something to Polly. George is a little bit shy. Peppa and George are really enjoying playing with Polly Parrot.George, say something. Peppa and George are pretending to be parrots.

- visit: v. 拜访，看望
- 第三人称转述时：一般现在时用于瞬时动作，进行时用于过程
  - Peppa listens to George's chest(瞬时动作，用于一般现在时)
  - Suzy takes George's temperature（瞬时动作，用于一般现在时）
  - My mom is cooking（持续过程，用于进行时）
  - Peppa and her family is visiting...（（持续过程，用于进行时））
- come in/come inside：进来
- Can you guess what it is? what it is 陈述语序
  - Do you know what it is?
  - where is Mr.Dinosaur? George doesn't know where Mr.Dianosaur is.
- 它的名字叫波利
  - Her name is Polly
  - She's called Polly. be called 被叫做...
  - His name is Tom, but everyone calls him baby, he's called baby
  - He likes to be called baby. / He likes being called baby
