# Hide and Seek

Peppa and George are playing hide and seek. It is George's turn to hide. He must quickly find somewhere to hide before Peppa finishes counting. one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. Ready or not, here I come. Peppa has to find where George is hiding. Found you! Peppa has found George. George, I could see you too easily. Now, it's Peppa's turn to hide. I'll help George to count. Ok, George, open your eyes. George has to find where Peppa is hiding. Peppa isn't hiding under the table. George, have you thought of looking upstairs? Peppa isn't under the bed. What was that a strange noise? Peppa isn't behind the curtain. There is that a strange noise again. What can it be? George has found where Peppa is hiding. George found me. Now it's dady's time to hide.Oh, I think George should another turn. But George isn't good at hiding. I'm sure he'll be better this time. Close your eyes and start counting. Oh, dear, Peppa will easily find George. George, come over here. Oh, George isn't hiding under the table. But George always hides under the table. Have you thought of looking upstairs? I know where he is. George is in the toy basket. George is not in the toy basket. Where can he be? Peppa cannot find George anywhere. Daddy, I can't find George anywhere. I wonder where he can be. Actually, I think there's something about George in this newspaper. George, found you. George, that was a good place to hie. George was hiding behind daddy's newspaper all the time.

- it can be What -> can it be What -> What can it be
- he can be Where -> can he be where -> Where can he be
