# Hiccups

Mummy, please, can we go out to play? You can go out to play when you finish your breakfast. Don't drink your juice so/too quickly. Not while George has hiccups. But George's hiccups have gone, haven't they? George.  Alright, you can go out to play. But look after George. George, I'm going to throw the ball, and then you have to catch it. George! Now you throw the ball to me, and I have to catch it. George, I know how to cure hiccups. You have to do what I say. Rub the top of your head and rub your tummy. George, you've done it all wrong. I know a better way to cure your hiccups. First, jump up and down three times on one leg. Now, wave your arms up and down, and stick your tongue out. And now close your eyes, and turn around quickly three times. I know, to cure hiccups, you must be given a shock. George, I'm going to scare you, but you must remember, it's only a game and it'll stop your hiccups. Remember, this is just pretend scaring you. Peppa! You mustn't play so roughly with George. He's only little.

- hiccup: n. 打嗝; v. 打嗝. 通常用名词表达某个人正处在打嗝的状态里
  - Sorry, I have hiccups now [n]
  - Sorry, I've got hiccups now [n]
  - Sorry, I got hiccups now [n]
  - I just made a big hiccup. [n] 我刚才打了一个很响的嗝
  - I've been hiccuping for 20 minutes [v] 我已经打嗝20分钟了
- Not while George has hiccups.
  - while: 在...期间
  - not while: 在...期间不行
  - = You can't go out to play while George has hiccups
  - I can tell you not while Tom is here
- But George's hiccups have gone./ have stopped
- 反问：
  - You like me very much, don't you?
  - She's very pretty, isn't she?
  - They ate my apple, didn't they?
  - But George's hiccups have gone, have't they?
- Alright, run along you two
  - Alright, you can go out to play
  - Alright, you can go out and play
- look after: 照顾
- Don't do. 别做什么.. 指还没做的时
  - Stop doing. 停止做... 指正在做的事情停下来
- George, I know how to cure hiccups.
  - cure: v. 治好，治愈
- You have to do what I say. 我说什么你做什么。/ 按照我说的做
- head: n. 头，tummy: n. 肚子，rub: v. 揉，摩擦，scratch: v. 挠
  - scratch your head and rub your tummy
  - scratch the top of your head and rub your tummy. the top of your head: 头顶
  - rub your tummy with your right hand. with...做...事用...
- You are doing it wrong / all wrong
  - You have done it wrong / all wrong
- a better way. 一个好方法
- jump three times on one leg.
  - on.[prep] 靠身体支撑用on
    - I can jump up and down three times on one leg
    - Babies crawl on their hands and legs
  - I can stand on one leg for 2 hours.
- wave: v.挥舞，up and down：上下
- turn around: v.转圈
- be given a shock. 被吓一跳
  - shock: n.惊吓
- this is just pretend scaring you.
  - this is + 名词：scare -> scaring：动词转换为动名词
  - pretend: v. 假装，adj. 假装的. 在该句型中作为形容词使用
- roughly: adv. 粗暴地

I'm going to scare you. But you must remem ber, it's only a game, and it will cure your hiccups.
Remember, this is scaring you. this is just pretend scaring you.
Peppa, you shouldn't play so roughly with George. He's only a baby. / He's only little
